Written by Eric Dee.

"Getting Real" reflection on pages one hundred and fourteen through one hundred and twenty three:

The first thing that was stated in this chapter is something I heavily disagree with, and that is not to write 
functional specifications. This is imperative in a well oiled company. Especially one with things to offer to the 
software field. All companies should utilize up-and-comers this way. It is better than paying your CEO for a yacht. 
Functional specs are not fantasies for anyone except for the people who can't stick to a plan, or even worse, who 
can't plan anything at all.

It is clear that nearly all companies struggle with this, or that at some point the writer felt frustrated with 
someone's documentation, because with the advent of greater technology, it has become nearly impossible to keep 
documentation up to date, and with this technology, people essentially stopped writing code bases for longevity 
outside of hardware focused environments, and heavily involved open source projects.

I think a more rational approach to this statement would have been "Don't focus on functional specs right away."; 
This book is way too focused on triggering people with intense statements, and they go on to say "Functional specs 
are about appeasement - They're about making everyone feel involved and happy" [Again; there are better ways to 
spend a companies money than on bonuses and dividends. A spec book would be a far better investment to make at just 
49k/year, and improve someone's life too by giving them a job]. The elitist statement about it not being worth it 
was definitely trigger happy, and borderline greedy.

I would hope that a company like Nvidia, or Intel are keeping proper functional specs otherwise the computer you 
are doing all that elite programming on would fail to function. So I guess you can thank functional specs for that, 
because I know I've seen them, and they were definitely good reads too.

Apart from that rant, it is clear that the programming world suffers from this. It's just obvious that now some 
people are taking this "Manifesto" way too seriously, and there's a lot of serious overcompensation going on to 
combat monolithic practices.

While webapps might be able to move forwards without adequate documentation, the world does not.
